---
title: CV
layout: cv
cv-link: 
---
# Education 

#### University of Florida

Pursuing B.S in Astrophysics & B.S in Physics

GPA: 3.97

Selected Coursework: Mathematical Methods for Physics, Observational
Techniques in Astronomy, Astronomy & Astrophysics I & II, Computational
Linear Algebra

#### Eastern Florida State College

29 Credits - Dual Enrollment

Selected Coursework: Ordinary Differential Equations, Calculus I-III

# Research Experience

Undergraduate Researcher

October 2022 - Present

Department of Astrophysics UF

Utilizing Python code TORMAC to generate model grids of simulated time
domain data of a 3D ensemble of dust clouds illuminated by a central
continuum source, taking into account radiative transfer effects.

Interpreting TORMAC results by comparing simulated to observed time
domain data qualitatively through visual inspection and quantitatively
through Markov chain Monte Carlo analysis.

Optimizing TORMAC primarily through vectorization, pre-computation, and
implementing multiple new algorithms to substantially reduce
computational cost/increase model grid density.

Interfacing with UF research computing resources to allow greater
parallelization of TORMAC.

# Research Interests

  ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------

  **Computer Simulations & Modeling**   Developing novel code, optimization, & visualization

  **High Energy Astrophysics**          Inflows / outflows, accretion, radiative transfer

  **Observational Astrophysics**        Time domain astronomy, data reduction & analysis

  ------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------

Currently seeking diverse research experiences to support a future
career in Astrophysics

# Awards

CLAS Scholars Award 

*(\$3000)*Spring 2023

Awarded by the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences (CLAS) to 25
undergraduate students to pursue their proposed research for the
2023-2024 academic year.

I wrote a 2-page proposal with advice from my mentor which was submitted
for review by the astronomy department and the college.

Only 3 students were nominated by the UF Astronomy Department to the
college.

Award includes an additional research expenses allowance of up to
\$1000.

# Technical Skills

  ------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------------

  **Programming Languages**      Python, Java, MATLAB, Javascript, C++, Bash, LaTeX

  **Selected Python Packages**   Matplotlib, Pandas, Numpy, Scipy, Numba

  **Computing Tools**            Overleaf, SSH, Git/GitHub, Pycharm

  **Operating Systems**          Linux, Windows

  ------------------------------ ----------------------------------------------------

# Extracurricular Activities & Outreach

#### Women in Astronomy & Astrophysics Mentorship Program

September 2023 -
Present

Mentor

Fulfilling a key role as a mentor by guiding and supporting a first-year
student, providing tailored advice, resources, and networking
opportunities.

Developing a deeper understanding of women's issues in astronomy through
workshops and Q&As.

#### UF Campus Teaching Observatory

January 2023 - Present

Volunteer

Educating 50+ community members per week on celestial objects of
interest to foster interest in STEM at all ages.

Assisting in the setup, alignment, slewing, and stowing of telescopes.

#### Astronomy & Astrophysics Society UF

September 2022 - Present

Member

Engaging with students university-wide and the Gainesville community
through outreach events such as UF's Homecoming Parade, presentations at
local elementary schools, and a Women in STEM Day event.

#### FIRST Robotics Competition (FRC)

September 2018 - May 2022

Chief Executive Officer

Served as a founding member of a robotics team of 50+ students that
competes in FRC, a national program dedicated to allowing students to
strategize and build robots based on engineering principles.

Directed the design, production, and programming of a 120lb,
refrigerator-sized robot over eight weeks by leading a team of 20+
people.

